I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious.
I'm an early bird and a night owl, so I’m wise and I have worms.
That's what she said.
I am Beyonce, always.
I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
I'm not an elevator. I'm a manager.
Well, well, well how the turntables.
You all took a life here today. You did. The life of the party.
Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject. So you know you are getting the best possible information.
I love inside jokes. I’d love to be a part of one someday.
And I knew exactly what to do, but in a much more real sense I had no idea what to do.
I feel like all my kids grew up and then they married each other. It’s every parents’ dream.
I’m dead inside.
I don’t hate it. I just don’t like it at all and it’s terrible.
Mo’ money, mo’ problems.
This morning I saw a YouTube video with a puppy riding a motorcycle. So my bar for stunning is pretty high.
Find out if there are any skeletons in his attic.
I have cause. It is because I hate him.
I don’t come up with this stuff, I just forward it along. You wouldn’t arrest the guy who was just passing drugs from one guy to another.
I would say I kind of have an unfair advantage because I watch reality dating shows like a hawk, and I learn. I absorb information from the strategies of the winners and the losers. Actually, I probably learn more from the losers.
It’s not like booze ever killed anyone.
It’s simply beyond words. It’s incalculable.
Whenever I’m about to do something, I think, ‘Would an idiot do that?’ and if they would, I do not do that thing.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
My philosophy is, basically this. And this is something that I live by. And I always have. And I always will. Don’t, ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who you are with, or, or where you are going, or, or where you’ve been. Ever. For any reason. Whatsoever.
Sometimes you have to take a break from being the kind of boss that’s always trying to teach people things. Sometimes you just have to be the boss of dancing.
Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that’s baloney, because grief isn’t wrong. There’s such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown.
You know what they say? Fool me once, strike one but fool me twice, strike three.
I guess I’ve been working so hard, I forgot what it’s like to be hardly working.  